[DOC-10386][DOC-11063] Update Plan a Standard Cluster, Cloud landing page (#18930)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster.md

  - [Talk to an expert](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/contact/). Engineers at Cockroach Labs will work with you to understand the resource demands of your workload and help you estimate and validate its required capacity.

- **Additional capacity buffer**: To accommodate unanticipated load and mitigate the risk of application degradation if the cluster's capacity is exceeded, we recommend that you plan for additional capacity beyond your initial estimate. A 40% buffer is a good starting point, but more may be needed if the workload is unpredictable or highly sensitive to query latency. Depending on the nature of the workload, such as when demand is seasonal, you can plan to scale the cluster's capacity temporarily to address the workload's requirements.
  - **Exceeding capacity limit**: CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} enforces the cluster's provisioned capacity, limiting application throughput if the workload exceeds the cluster's provisioned capacity. This can lead to increased query latency and degraded application performance.

>   - **Notifications to prevent overrun**: To help mitigate against the risk of exceeding a cluster's capacity, email and CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console notifications will occur when a cluster workload exceeds 90% and 90% of its provisioned capacity.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **Notifications to prevent overrun**: To help mitigate against the risk of exceeding a cluster's capacity, email and CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console notifications will occur when a cluster workload exceeds 70% and 90% of its provisioned capacity.
```

- **Multi-region pricing by the most expensive region**: The overall [compute capacity cost]({% link cockroachcloud/billing-management.md %}) for a multi-region CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} cluster is calculated based on the price of the most expensive region in the cluster.

- **Limitations on capacity scaling**: You can decrease the provisioned capacity only three times within a 7-day period. You can increase the provisioned capacity at any time.

### More details about capacity

We recommend that you start with [Quickstart: Provision and adjust capacity](#quickstart-provision-and-adjust-capacity) to arrive at the best initial compute capacity for your workload and that you adjust the cluster's capacity over time as the workload evolves. In addition, consider the following:

- **Smaller workloads**: CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} is well suited for workloads that require 12 or fewer vCPUs. By contrast, 12 vCPUs (3 nodes x 4 vCPUs) is the minimum configuration for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}.

  CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} is not recommended for:

>     - Analytical workloads that involve a large quantity of large, complex reads
>     - OLAP or hybrid OLTP/OLAP applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Analytical workloads that involve many large, complex reads**
- **OLAP or hybrid OLTP/OLAP applications**
```

- **Asymmetric multi-region workloads**: Often, multi-region deployments are asymmetric in terms of CPU utilization across regions. For example, in a three-region cluster, two of the three regions may require more capacity than the third, or vice versa. In CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }}, a cluster's compute capacity is available in all regions.

>   For workloads that require symmetric capacity per region or where a given region must maintain a given compute capacity, CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} may be a better option.

Reviewer: 1. symmetric -> asymmetric?
2. This isn't showing up as a second paragraph of the same bullet. I suspect the blank line after is to blame; that the whole list should have no blank spaces except for the space *above* this line. But I'm not sure.

>   For workloads that require symmetric capacity per region or where a given region must maintain a given compute capacity, CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} may be a better option.

Author: ```suggestion
    For workloads that require asymmetric capacity per region or where a given region must maintain a given compute capacity, CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} may be a better option.
```

- **Workloads with advanced security or compliance requirements**: For workloads subject to advanced security or compliance requirements, consider CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}, which complies with [PCI DSS and HIPAA]({% link cockroachcloud/pci-dss.md %}). To learn more refer to [Compliance in CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }}]({% link cockroachcloud/compliance.md %}).

For more details to help you compare CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} cluster plans, refer to [CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Overview]({% link cockroachcloud/index.md %}).

## Storage pricing

Storage capacity for a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} cluster is [priced]({% link cockroachcloud/billing-management.md %}) on demand in units of GiB-month. Storage prices vary across providers and [regions]({% link cockroachcloud/regions.md %}). Storage is charged based on the logical amount of data in the database.

> - **3 replicas included**: - CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} maintains at minimum three replicas of your data at no additional cost.

Reviewer: Similar bullet fixes needed in this section
<img width="864" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-25 at 1 10 59 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74ff4ec1-dcea-432e-8b8d-a7ee4e90ea3f">

> - **3 replicas included**: - CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} maintains at minimum three replicas of your data at no additional cost.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **3 replicas included**: CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} maintains at minimum three replicas of your data at no additional cost.
```

  For a cluster with more than three replicas, storage for each additional replica is priced at the storage price for the region.

> - **Multi-region storage**: In a multi-region cluster, storage prices vary by region. The data in each region is priced at that region's storage rate.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Multi-region storage**: In a multi-region cluster, storage prices vary by region. The data in each region is priced at that region's storage rate.
```
```suggestion
    - **Multi-region storage**: In a multi-region cluster, storage prices vary by region. The data in each region is priced at that region's storage rate.
```

> - **Multi-region storage**: In a multi-region cluster, storage prices vary by region. The data in each region is priced at that region's storage rate.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Multi-region storage**: In a multi-region cluster, storage prices vary by region. The data in each region is priced at that region's storage rate.
```

### Single-region example

By default, CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} maintains three replicas for a single-region cluster, spread across three different availability zones within the region. You are not charged to store these replicas.

For example, if a single-region cluster is deployed in `us-central-1` and contains 500 GiB of data. CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} stores three replicas, for a total of 1500 GiB of data. However, you are billed only for 500 GiB of storage.

> If you add a fourth replicas, the cluster consumes 2000 GiB of storage (500 x 4), but you are billed only for 1000 GiB (500 for the data and 500 for the fourth replica).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add a fourth replica, the cluster consumes 2000 GiB of storage (500 x 4), but you are billed only for 1000 GiB (500 for the data and 500 for the fourth replica).
```

### Multi-region example

> For multi-region clusters, we recommend 5 or more replicas are typically maintained across availability zones and regions for resilience against both zone and region failure. The first three replicas are included in the base storage price, while additional replicas are priced based on the ratio of additional regions to the initial three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multi-region clusters, we recommend that 5 or more replicas are typically maintained across availability zones and regions for resilience against both zone and region failure. The first three replicas are included in the base storage price, while additional replicas are priced based on the ratio of additional regions to the initial three.
```

also:
* "we typically recommend" or "typically maintained" (i.e. you usually have this, or for most of your tables)?
* starting with the last sentence, I find this section/example hard to follow. May be worth a follow-up post launch to find a clearer way of explaining.

Author: Updated your suggested edit, thanks. For your second point, it is confusing but it is explained in the next paragraph. You are charged N/3, so if you have 5 you are charged 2/3 the rate. If you have 6 you are charged 100% the rate. LMK if you think of a better way to put it.
